fix(curriculum): allow truthy check the value of nickname (#52949)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/15-javascript-algorithms-and-data-structures-22/learn-modern-javascript-methods-by-building-football-team-cards/63e9718d7d490bb3940d5a0a.md

> You should use a ternary operator to check if `nickname` is not `null`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You should use a ternary operator to check if `nickname` is truthy.
```
